Choose a place you go to often that is important to you and explain why it is important. Please include specific details in your explanation.

I would like to go and I often go to France because I met a friend of mine, eh. 2 years ago, and she already invited me several times and I would always fascinated by French, and I start reading French books, I know Russian, but not French since I was twelve. And I’have been already in the south and right now I’m going to the north of the country, and I would like to try yogurt, cheese, wine

I prefer to go to the city of Kunming because it’s my hometown. I have been in this city for fifteen years.
{ State your opinion or choice, and briefly introduces the reason. }
Kunming is a gorgeous city and it’s like spring all the year around. It's hard to see blue sky in other cities, but you can always see it here because the air is really clean and fresh. And the food is delicilous here, I love Yunnan Rice noodles, it's a specialty in Kunming. Besides, You can see sea gull in Dianchi Lake, which is a famous lake in Kunming, it would ease your mind.

-----------5------------
Listen to a conversation between a student and her geology professor.

Useful Phases:
In this conversion, the man/woman is having a hard time dealing with the problem that.......
And the man/woman offers two possible solutions. One is...... The other is........
And if it were my choice, I would choose the former/latter one, beacuse....

The problem is the woman has the chance to go to the field trip, but on the day full of field trip she needs to do the museum setup for another professor. She is not available that day. The solutions are, first of one, She could find another helper for the professor to the setup, the second solution is she could do the setup before the Wedensday when the field trip was started just before she goes to the field. So the two solutions are available for her, and I suggest her to do the setup, finish the setup before wedensday. {reason running out of time}

-----------6------------
Now listen to part of a talk in an economics class.

Useful Phases:
In the lecture, the professor gives two examples to illustrate the phenonmenon/theory that ......
The first one is that..... Another example is that...... And that's the two examples the speaker presented to explain the theory/phenomenon.

The professor said that the money is an medium of exchange, anything that can you can purchase something with is considered to be money, that's one definition. That means when you, let's use an example of taxi driver who accept money for his ride, but if he drives the food selling he can also accept money from food for his driver to get the food. So in that case, the food is the medium of exchange, and not the money. So under the first definition, not only dollar, bills, coins are money but also other mediums of exchange like fruit in this case for the taxi driver. On the second difination, she said it's a legal defination, for this defination, only coins, dollar, bills are legal defination.




If I were to say what is the most important, I would say liberty arts education is the most important. Beacause Liberty arts education emphases that this concept that it really doesn't teach too much, and I feel like it's something lacks in Chinese high school is this concept that you should be challenging what you have been taught. It's not about the session, it's not about your grades, it's about the ability of thinking.
